What are you doing?
China and North Korea sprained their feet drunk today
I brought her back
Nothing else.
Really?
Senior sister
Your junior brother, I am a gentleman
How could I lie to you?
Auntie and adults believe in you
Yaoyao really needs to be shrouded
After all, his father is going to have open-heart surgery recently
And I don't know where the person I like is.
And went out to drink
If you don't take good care of him
Be the first to go to your mother, you know?
Sister, put your heart in your stomach
Hey, that's right. Hmm.
Are you treating Zhong Yao's father?
Yeah, what's wrong with my patient?
That's not right, with Senior Sister's medical skills
Why can't he cure his father?
His father has a serious problem
And you know I left Shifu too early
There are many medical skills I have not learned
I can't let Senior Sister know that I have medical skills
Otherwise, this trouble must have fallen on me
Oh, Senior Sister
You know.
I don't have dreams.
I didn't learn the medical skills taught by the master at all
Otherwise I'll help
Okay, I'll go to the hospital tomorrow.
Discuss the surgery plan with the organizer
Go back and rest early. Okay.
Good night, sister
Ah!
OK
This girl from Zhongyuan is really pitiful
Forget it. Forget it.
Who made the little master kind?
The calculation is complete
With this plan
Can add lost medical skills
Not only should Chinese be fine, right?